# Changelog

# 3.0.1 (02-21-17)
Fixed:
- Check for existence of `/guides` dir before funneling to fix breaking builds

# 3.0.0 🎉🎉🎉
Ember Fountainhead v3 includes a feature we've been really excited about: GUIDES!
API documentation is important, but this makes it easy to write general guides
for your project. v3 also includes a number of fixes and cleanup/simplification
work. The release should require very little change in consuming apps, but
we're releasing it as a major so there's visibility around those changes.

#### Release Notes:
- Fountainhead has Guides! Initial support is limited, and the API may change
  slightly, BUT we're really excited about this feature. Guides will make
  creating general use documentation easy and beautiful. See
  [Writing Guides](https://healthsparq.github.io/ember-fountainhead/guides/writing-guides)
  for more info.
- The `CrossLink` component has been upgraded for terser invocation when linking
  to an item on the same class. Eg, you could reference the init method in some
  component's documentation by writing `{{c-l 'init'}}`
- All DocBlock descriptions are now wrapped in an
  [Ember Radical `rad-state`](https://healthsparq.github.io/ember-radical/docs/classes/Component.RadState)
  component for simple examples that require boolean state changes.
- Fountainhead no longer causes a full reload when CSS changes
  trigger a new build. This was fixed by moving the default output
  path for Fountainhead data files outside of the `/public` dir.
  _(This should also solve a bug with an infinite build loop that
  required a watchman shutdown when first starting to use
  Fountainhead)_
- The `fountainhead.js` configuration file can now export an object or function
  to enable env specific builds.
- Styles have been updated for to be even more totally beautiful and a Fountainhead
  specific logo has been added for the API nav.
  
#### Breaking Changes
- The `/docs` route has been deprecated in favor of `/api`. With the addition of
  the `/guide` route we think this is semantically clearer. You can now clearly
  separate your API documentation from general guides like tutorials, getting
  started, conventions, etc.
- Routes and templates inside of the `doc` route are deprecated and redirect to
  the routes and template in the `api` route. _(All docs
  components/routes/templates/rerouting will be removed in v4.0.0)_
- Default data file output has moved from `/public/docs`|`/tests/dummy/public/docs`
  to `/docs`. If you're ignoring the data files generated by Fountainhead
  you'll need to update your `.gitignore` to `/docs`. You can also remove the
  public directory paths from your `.watchmanconfig` since this directory is not
  watched by CLI.
- Numerous internal component changes for simplification and better semantics.
    - All `fountainhead-sidebar` components moved to `api-navigation`
    - `fountainhead-sidebar/group` component removed, handled by `api-navigation/section`


## 2.3.0 (02-6-2017)
Added:
- Use Ember 2.11 within Fountainhead demo app
- Simpler solution for importing template compiler thanks to @mfeckie

## 2.2.0 (02-4-2017)
Added:
- Handle importing the template compiler from npm or bower depending on the
  consuming app's Ember version

## 2.1.2 (01-31-2017)
Fixed:
- Stops overwriting a computed prop vital to tabs functioning properly; uses `_oldHidden` instead of `_hidden`

## 2.1.1 (01-31-2017)
Fixed:
- Parameter destructuring in logger removed to support Node v4

## 2.1.0 (01-27-2017)
Added:
- Ability to suppress error logging using `quiet` config.
- Support for Fountainhead tags using `whiteListTags`

Fixed:
- Class names for fountainhead SVGs scoped to project to fix CSS clashes

## 2.0.1 (01-27-2017)
Fixed:
- Removes use of deprecated args in component lifecycle hook methods
- Removes empty tests

## 2.0.0 (01-27-2017)
Version 2 Release: Fountainhead component structure and addon integration stabilized.
Highlights:

- Consuming applications should no longer import the route setup utility. Addon
  handles auto-registering routes in an initializer
- Addon is completely self-contained and can easily be excluded from production
  builds using the addon blacklist CLI hook.
- Addon is completely component based. Using routes only for model fetching and
  controllers only for query params. Any changes to addon functionality should
  occur in a component.
- Addon liveEdit enabled for documentation hot updates in development envs.
- Addon command `docs` added for easier document building.

The addon structure is now stabilized. Going forward the CHANGELOG will reflect
all breaking changes with documentation on upgrading.

We hope you enjoy Ember Fountainhead!
